On Wed, Oct 7, 2015 at 5:58 PM, Prateek Gupta <prateek@prateekgupta.org> wrote:
Jonathon,

Fuck you, you're disgusting person, and not sure how long you will last but you've destroyed the concept of trust and I hope that you spend rest of your limited days in non-transactional state of mind.

Anyways, I just wanted to say; FUCK YOU and FUCK OFF. And I hope no one trust you enough ever again in life. 

You're a disgusting bitch.

-pg

Sent from my iPhone 6

On Jul 14, 2015, at 11:35 PM, Jonathon Kresner <jk@airpair.com> wrote:

The company does not owe you money. I hope I don't hear from you again, but I do want you to be successful in your new power-house endevors. 

If you do hear from me again, due to incidents of harassment and such, it will encompass:

- A catalogue of emails and coversations of customers complaining about you
- Incomplete and empty timesheets and dates you did not come to work. 
- Dates you demanded or took holidays without notice and approval
- Screenshots of tasks in trello left for weeks and never completed. 
- Statistics of NEGLIGENCE not paying vast amounts of experts. 
- Statistics of refunds and not getting back to or servicing paying customers 
- Operational Metrics and performance hiring and managing 2 full time resources with no process documentation.

I would prefer to sweep this stuff under the covers. I had not planned to share it with you because I could never tell if it was incompetence or sabotage. Going directly to our competitor makes it look pretty doggy. Either way it would look really bad and I can't see any advantage of continuing on such a path. Again I ask for you not to harass me and hope we can instead focus on doing good work on our separate paths.

jk

On Tuesday, July 14, 2015, Prateek Gupta <prateek@prateekgupta.org> wrote:
JK, #1 I have no clue on why an "Indian detectice" agency would want to add you on google+. Why would I need to investigate you lol? This is a weird call, somewhat "racist" in some-people's eye but I would ask the "Indian Detectice Agency".

I am happy for you to double up the revenue. I found opportunities after you fired me via a text message (please don't do this to the next guy), and never did anything wrong because I am a hard worker with dignity. Anyone ever joined AP; left, because of you. You never considered others' opinion. Your way, or no way. Ever thought of that? You're not always right.

You want to build a company like (potentially) Uber but with Taxi product. I was your product when there is/was no product. You coded for an entire year, but nothing for the public-facing core thing. Bad decision. But you want to run a small business.

I don't want to run a SMB, so I joined a power-house because I am good at what I do, and screenshot of 1 email from un-happy customer will never stand out to prove my passion for this market; therefore I followed my passion.

Please share that "piece of paper saying I sell my shares" to sign, and send me $10k as we discussed asap.

I wish you the best. 

-PG




Best,
Prateek Gupta
West Coast Conductor of StartupBus
@prtkgpt

On Tue, Jul 14, 2015 at 3:22 PM, Jonathon Kresner <jk@airpair.com> wrote:
Hey Prateek,

The dishonesty from you towards me aside... I'd appreciate if you let me get on without further harassment: 

<Screen Shot 2015-07-14 at 2.02.45 PM.png>


You should know that I kept records and statistics of you time at AirPair. Information that clearly speaks to growth problems centered around your role. Combined with simple proof of doubling sales revenue immediately after removing your and your report, this info would be unpleasant for anyone to look at and could be interpreted as fraudulent behavior.


<Screen Shot 2015-07-14 at 1.23.10 PM.png>


<Screen Shot 2015-07-14 at 2.15.13 PM.png>

I have an unfortunate ride by ride play of you visiting AirPairs competitors and logs of your behavior showing the site.


<Screen Shot 2015-07-14 at 2.19.58 PM.png>


I wish to be left alone. It has been an extremely long and very tiring process picking up from the state at which you left things. My first day began with a $5000 refund to Justin Esgar.

Jonathon

-- 
Jonathon Kresner
Co-founder, CEO
@AirPair | airpair.com
@hackerpreneur
ᐧ



-- 
Jonathon Kresner
Co-founder, CEO
@AirPair | airpair.com
@hackerpreneur




-- 
Jonathon Kresner
Co-founder, CEO
@AirPair | airpair.com
@hackerpreneur